README.md, before:

IS24RestApi
===========

A small console application that accesses the [Immobilienscout24 Import/Export REST API](http://developerwiki.immobilienscout24.de/wiki/Import-Export-API)
using [RestSharp](https://github.com/restsharp/RestSharp).

The `RestApi` class has CRUD methods for all resource types and the `Main()` methods shows a few uses. You need to acquire OAuth credentials beforehand
and put them in the `config.json` file that's read from the current working directory at runtime (see the included `config.example.json` file).

The classes in the IS24.cs file were generated from the XSD files provided by IS24. Unfortunately to regenerate them there is currently some massaging necessary:

1. Generate file: `xsd alterationdate-1.0.xsd attachmentsorder-1.0.xsd ... /c /n:IS24` from a Visual Studio command prompt (`xsd *.xsd` doesn't work :(
2. Replace `Form=System.Xml.Schema.XmlSchemaForm.Unqualified, Namespace="http://rest.immobilienscout24.de/schema/common/1.0"` with `Form=System.Xml.Schema.XmlSchemaForm.Unqualified`
3. Remove `abstract` from `RealEstate`, `Attachment` class (RestSharp limitation)
4. Add `#pragma warning disable 1591` and `#pragma warning restore 1591` at the top and bottom resp.

Pull requests to improve are welcome :)

Commit message:

Add PowerShell scripts to generate classes from XSDs
- update RestSharp
- update Sandbox base URL
- update XSDs

README.md, after:

IS24RestApi
===========

A small console application that accesses the [Immobilienscout24 Import/Export REST API](http://developerwiki.immobilienscout24.de/wiki/Import-Export-API)
using [RestSharp](https://github.com/restsharp/RestSharp).

The `RestApi` class has CRUD methods for all resource types and the `Main()` methods shows a few uses. You need to acquire OAuth credentials beforehand (e.g. by carrying out [these steps](http://developerwiki.immobilienscout24.de/wiki/Customer-website_Tutorial#oAuth_by_our_playground))
and put them in the config.json file that's read from the current working directory at runtime (see the included config.example.json file).

The classes in the IS24.cs file were generated from the XSD files provided by IS24. Unfortunately to regenerate them there is currently some massaging necessary:

1. Generate file: `xsd alterationdate-1.0.xsd attachmentsorder-1.0.xsd ... /c /n:IS24` from a Visual Studio command prompt (`xsd *.xsd` doesn't work :(
2. Replace `Form=System.Xml.Schema.XmlSchemaForm.Unqualified, Namespace="http://rest.immobilienscout24.de/schema/common/1.0"` with `Form=System.Xml.Schema.XmlSchemaForm.Unqualified`
3. Remove `abstract` from `RealEstate`, `Attachment` classes (RestSharp limitation)
4. Add `#pragma warning disable 1591` and `#pragma warning restore 1591` at the top and bottom resp.

There are two PowerShell scripts in the xsd folder to automate this process. Open a Visual Studio command prompt and execute them with `powershell ...`. If you get a permissions error, open a PowerShell and type `Set-ExecutionPolicy Unrestricted` (more about this [here](http://technet.microsoft.com/en-us/library/ee176949.aspx)).

1. `DownloadSchemaFiles.ps1` downloads all .xsd files from [here](http://rest.immobilienscout24.de/restapi/api/offer/v1.0/?_wadl&_schema) and moves `messages*.xsd` to the includes folder.
2. `GenerateClasses.ps1` calls xsd.exe and modifies the resulting .cs file as described above, resulting in a file called IS24.cs. Move it to the project folder if everything went well.

Pull requests to improve are welcome :)
